I made beef intestines early and made vermicelli,
Before we get to the world tomorrow, you will definitely let you do things simply,
You choose me,
You deserve it, I promise,
You shouldn’t eat eat eat eat eat eat today,
You eat it, I believe you,
Why don't you always say it, give it to me again, why can't you be too outspoken?
You can make it yourself and eat it.
This lady, this fringe around your neck,
When purchasing, please turn to the lamp. Please step forward.
I am such a young lady, you are not the buyer of this item of clothing,
By the way, to ensure the safety of customers,
Okay, your partner's is smaller, that's good, okay?
We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we We, we, we, we, we